Refactoring the diagnostic docs and TOC to put the emphasis in the right places (#35727)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/index.md

### Collecting Instrumentation

There are multiple ways that the instrumentation data can be egressed from the application, including:

- [Open Telemetry](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/blob/main/docs/trace/getting-started-console/README.md) - a cross platform, vendor neutral standard for collecting and exporting telemetry
- [.NET CLI tools](./tools-overview.md) such as [dotnet-counters](./dotnet-counters.md)
- [dotnet-monitor](./dotnet-monitor.md) - an agent for collecting traces and telemetry
- 3rd party libraries or app code can read the information from the <xref:System.Diagnostics.Metrics?displayProperty=nameWithType>, <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.ILogger%601> and <xref:System.Diagnostics.Activity?displayProperty=nameWithType> APIs.

## Specialized Diagnostics

> If debugging or observability is not sufficient, .NET supports additional diagnostic mechanisms such as EventSource, Dumps & DiagnosticSource. The [specialized diagnostics](./specialized-diagnostics-overview.md) section provides more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If debugging or observability is not sufficient, .NET supports additional diagnostic mechanisms such as EventSource, Dumps, DiagnosticSource. For more information, see the [specialized diagnostics](./specialized-diagnostics-overview.md) article.
```
